[Music]
burpees are hard I get exhausted just
imagining myself doing them that's all I
could think about when my friend
challenged me to do 50 yeah you are
correctly 50 burpees a day for an entire
month where peas are fun she said
burpees are super effective and then
this villain added burpees burn more
calories than you can count
and hai surrendered okay so first of all
I watched tons of videos on how to do
burpees correctly you know because if
you do a physical exercise the wrong way
you can seriously hurt yourself imagine
my surprise when I found out that there
are lots of different kinds of burpees
with a plank and without with a full
push-up and even with a pull-up at the
end anyway I chose the one to my liking
which goes like this you stand straight
then get down to the squat position and
put your hands on the floor then you
kick your feet back into the plank
position and move your chest a bit
closer to the floor almost immediately
after that you jump back into the squat
position and jump up as high into the
air as you can at the end I also add a
small clap for the pizza and ice cream I
love so much
well after I studied the theory is
thoroughly as I could
there was no excuse to put off the
practice as I've said 50 burpees a day
30 days yeah I'll be honest I'm not the
fittest person in the world that's why
I'm making myself even start the
challenge was really hard spoiler I
still did it day you want and probably
not telling you anything new but 50
burpees at once for an untrained person
aka me is daunting I feel exhausted I
just want to go lie down and feel
do I really have to endure this for 30
days on the other hand several hours
later I found out that I actually feel
better and surprisingly much more
energetic than even in the morning is a
- why does my body hurt I can feel some
muscles I didn't know I had I'm not sure
I'll be able to move in this state at
all
not to mention doing burpees but a
challenge is a challenge
can I keep jumping and squatting and
clapping my hands and again I feel
extreme tiredness after the exercise and
a burst of energy sometime later day 3
by day 3 I've understood one very
important thing and that's do not
procrastinate you know all these too
sore too hungry too tired too sleepy too
good of a hair day haven't made my cup
of coffee yet excuses well they just
don't work because you still have to do
your task that's why day 3 I promised
myself that I'll start to do burpees the
very second might smartphone reminds me
about them speaking about the exercise
itself I still feel like a sack of
potatoes when I jump heavily into the
air and land just as heavily back oh and
my heart weight goes through the room
well I'm working on it day 5 since I
started the challenge my arms have been
sore like never before and I don't even
do any push-ups at the bottom of every
Burpee then why does it hurt so much I
try to comfort myself with the thought
of my beautifully toned arms at the end
of the challenge and it probably goes
without saying that my abs are killing
me day 7
I'm definitely getting better these days
I don't have to spend hours
sweet-talking myself into doing my daily
portion of burpees but also I figured
out several things that make my Burpee
workout more effective first of all
don't stop as soon as I take a break
either to check my messenger or take a
breather it's so much harder to start
again it might be even better to go slow
and steady
then to begin at a very high pace and
get short of breath only after several
dozen at burpees also after I got used
to the Burpee itself I decided to modify
my movements well to be completely
honest I found this tip on the internet
and now I try to shoot my legs back
before my hands hit the ground and
finally I try to concentrate on my
breathing sometimes it gets hard to
remember to inhale and exhale
but I've noticed that when I keep my
breathing steady it's easier for me to
support my rhythm day 10 a wonderful
thing happened to me today my bus was
about to leave and I had to run to catch
it
are you saying there's nothing new about
this story but how about that I didn't
even lose my breath after several
minutes of pretty strenuous activity I'm
telling you it's those burpees
day 14 slowly but surely I'm falling in
love with my daily Burpee workout some
pretty rebellious thoughts are starting
to pop up in my head what if I keep
doing this even after the 30 day
challenge is over see for yourself my
body is getting more toned my endurance
is way better than it used to be and I'm
steadily Fleming down yay day 20 today I
had to encourage my friend who got
inspired by my results and was thinking
about taking up the same challenge her
main concern was that she wouldn't find
time for 50 burpees every day but in
fact the most amazing thing is that this
seemingly long exercise usually takes no
more than seven to eight minutes my
fastest was 6 minutes and 13 seconds and
on the days when I felt utterly
unmotivated I still spent no more than
10 minutes day 30 so time to sum up my
experience first and foremost I was
shocked to find out that this challenge
was more difficult for my mind than for
my body I spent tons of time
procrastinating dreading this train or
beating myself up for not being able to
just go and do it tell me
the only one with this problem on the
bright side I'm incredibly proud that
I've managed to finish this challenge
and conquer my fears and insecurities
and now about my physical changes
another thing that makes me proud one
I've lost six and a half pounds and
that's without me cutting down on food
or anything too now my stomach looks
much more toned than before and if you
squint really hard you could even see a
six-pack on the other hand it might be
imagining things
three my arms and legs look much more
defined than they used to
I've started to wear tank tops and as
soon as it's warm enough you'll
definitely see me in shorts for my
endurance is so much better these days
before I hated running since I was short
of breath three minutes after I set off
but after my friend talked me into a run
in the park the other day I realized how
much better I've become
I was running non-stop for 15 minutes I
think and only after that I slowed down
all in all this challenge has helped me
to figure out two things I'm stronger
than I used to think and I'm not going
to give up burpees anytime soon have you
ever participated in any fitness
challenges if so write about your
experience in the comments section below
remember to hit the like button share
this video with your friends and
subscribe to the channel this is a sure
way to get to the bright side of life